Adding tests for the OktaAuthHTTPClient (#128)
okta/okta-auth-swift: README.md

let unauthenticatedStatus = OktaAuthStatusUnauthenticated(oktaDomain: URL(string: "https://{yourOktaDomain}")!,
                                                          responseHandler: MyResponseHandler())
```
### Networking extension

> You can inject custom HTTP client to send requests and forward response from your Application side to Okta AuthN SDK

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can inject HTTP request listener in order to send requests with your own HTTP library.
```

> Implement `OktaAuthHTTPClientProtocol` and inject the instance which conforms to the protocol in OktaAPI through property injection.Okta AuthN SDK uses URLSession to make network calls by default.

Reviewer: I would also add:
You can use provided `URLRequest` as-is or copy data from it to your own HTTP request before sending
